# DIA_Project_PoliMi
This repository contains the implementation of the project of the [Data Intelligence Application](https://www4.ceda.polimi.it/manifesti/manifesti/controller/ManifestoPublic.do?EVN_DETTAGLIO_RIGA_MANIFESTO=evento&aa=2019&k_cf=225&k_corso_la=481&k_indir=T2A&codDescr=054444&lang=IT&semestre=2&idGruppo=3925&idRiga=239696) course at Politecnico di Milano, A.Y. 2019-2020

---
## Pricing & Advertising

The goal is modeling a scenario in which a seller exploits advertising tools to attract more and more users toits website, thus increasing the number of possible buyers. The seller needs to learn simultaneously theconversion rate and the number of users the advertising tools can attract.
1. Imagine:
    1. one product to sell;
    2. three classes of users, where, for every user, we can observe the values of two binary features(feel free to choose the features and their domains);
    3. the conversion rate curve of each class of users;
    4. three subcampaigns, each with a different ad, to advertise the product, and each targeting adifferent class of users;
    5. there are three abrupt phases;
    6. for every abrupt phase and for every subcampaign, the probability distribution over the dailynumber of clicks for every value of budget allocated to that subcampaign.

2. Design  a  combinatorial  bandit  algorithm  to  optimize  the  budget  allocation  over  the  threesubcampaigns to maximize the total number of clicks when, for simplicity, there is only one phase.Plot the cumulative regret.

3. Design a sliding-window combinatorial bandit algorithm for the case, instead, in which there are thethree phases aforementioned. Plot the cumulative regret and compare it with the cumulative regretthat a non-sliding-window algorithm would obtain.

4. Design a learning algorithm for pricing when the users that will buy the product are those that haveclicked on the ads. Assume that the allocation of the budget over the three subcampaigns is fixed andthere is only one phase (make this assumption also in the next steps). Plot the cumulative regret.

5. Design and run a context generation algorithm for the pricing when the budget allocated to eachsingle subcampaign is fixed. At the end of every week, use the collected data to generate contextsand then use these contexts for the following week. Plot the cumulative regret as time increases. Inthe next steps, do not use the generated contexts, but use all the data together.

6. Design an optimization algorithm combining the allocation of budget and the pricing when the selleraprioriknows that every subcampaign is associated with a different context and charges a differentprice for every context. Suggestion: the value per click to use in the knapsack-like problem dependson the pricing, that depends on the number of users of a specific class interested in buying theproduct. Notice that the two problems, namely, pricing and advertising, can be decomposed sinceeach subcampaign targets a single class of users, thus allowing the computation of the value perclick of a campaign only on the basis of the number of clicks generated by that subcampaign. Plot thecumulative regret when the algorithm learns both the conversion rate curves and the performance ofthe advertising subcampaigns.

7. Do the same of Step 6 under the constraint that the seller charges a unique price to all the classes ofusers. Suggestion: for every possible price, fix this price and repeat the algorithm used in Step 6. Plotthe cumulative regret when the algorithm learns both the conversion rate curves and the performanceof the advertising subcampaigns.